third was cherished pet is equally
playful the common parakeet better known
as the budgerigar is hardwired to seek
out company a mirror provides a
temporary companion he doesn't see it as
a reflection of himself more a bottle he
comes and goes but when he wants some
real quality time he's learnt some
playful tricks to get noticed what is it
come on over come on out having captured
his owners attention we can practice
another skill it's not easy being green
mimicry isn't as unnatural as it seems
wild parakeets mimic each other and each
family learns their own distinct calls
never shake a baby bird that would
surely be absurd this budgie is just
doing what he would do in the floor even
having a name may not be as unnatural as
it seems nice disco and I know it I'm
disco and I know it
wild parrots have been shown to assign
special calls to name their offspring
just as we name our own pet bungees in
turn young parrots learn these names and
use them to introduce themselves this
extraordinary ability may mean that
disco has a sense of his own identity
itself seems so at times talking is now
a game a way to express wild behavior in
the confines of his home has memorized
over 130 phrases in all like learning
any new language practice makes perfect
even if it means talking in your sleep
the intimacy between disco and his owner
may be unusual for the desire to play
and bring the oddest of couples do
[Music]
[Applause]